mathematical-logic/Math-125A/10. Structures.md, before:

> Now that we know how to build WFFs in first order logic, the next step is to assign meaning to them.

> **Examples.** Consider the vocabulary $\tau = \{e,\star\}$ where $e$ is a constant symbol and $\star$ a binary function symbol.
> - Is $\forall x\exists y(y\star x=e)$ true in $(\mathbb Z:0,+)$? Yes ($x = -y$).
> - Is $\forall x\exists y(y\star x=e)$ true in $(\mathbb N:0,+)$? No.
> - Is $\forall x\exists y(y\star x=e)$ true in $(\mathbb Z:1,\times)$? No.
> - Is $\forall x\exists y(y\star x=e)$ true in $(\mathbb Q:1,\times)$? No ($0$ is the counterexample).

>**General case.** Consider a vocabulary $\tau =\{c_0,c_1,\dots,f_0,f_1,\dots,R_0,R_1,\dots\}$.
A $\tau$**-structure** is a tuple
> $$\mathcal M=(M:a_0,a_1,\dots,g_0,g_1,\dots,H_0,H_1)$$
> where
> - $M$ is just a set that we call the **universe** or **domain** of $\mathcal M$,
> - the $a_i$ are elements of $M$ (no further properties; they will represent the constants),
> - for each $f_i$, the $g_i$ are functions $g_i:M^a \rightarrow M$ of same arity as $f_i$ (the $g_i$ are the "interpretation" of the symbol $f_i$);
> - analogously, $H_i$ are relations $H_i

Commit message:

vault autobackup: 2023-09-10 11:23:18 from win-laptop

mathematical-logic/Math-125A/10. Structures.md, after:

> Now that we know how to build WFFs in first order logic, the next step is to assign meaning to them.

> **Examples.** Consider the vocabulary $\tau = \{e,\star\}$ where $e$ is a constant symbol and $\star$ a binary function symbol.
> - Is $\forall x\exists y(y\star x=e)$ true in $(\mathbb Z:0,+)$? Yes ($x = -y$).
> - Is $\forall x\exists y(y\star x=e)$ true in $(\mathbb N:0,+)$? No.
> - Is $\forall x\exists y(y\star x=e)$ true in $(\mathbb Z:1,\times)$? No.
> - Is $\forall x\exists y(y\star x=e)$ true in $(\mathbb Q:1,\times)$? No ($0$ is the counterexample).

>**General case.** Consider a vocabulary $\tau =\{c_0,c_1,\dots,f_0,f_1,\dots,R_0,R_1,\dots\}$.
A $\tau$**-structure** is a tuple
> $$\mathcal M=(M:a_0,a_1,\dots,g_0,g_1,\dots,H_0,H_1,\dots)$$
> where
> - $M$ is just a set that we call the **universe** or **domain** of $\mathcal M$,
> - the $a_i$ are elements of $M$ (no further properties; they will represent the constants),
> - for each $f_i$, the $g_i$ are functions $g_i:M^a \rightarrow M$ of same arity as $f_i$;
> - analogously, $H_i$ are relations $H_i \subseteq M^a$ of same arity as $R_i$.
> Essentially, a $\tau$-structure tells us one way of interpreting the formulas made from the $\tau$ vocabulary. For instance, the $f_i$ are just symbols but $g_i$ are actual functions which tell us what the symbol "does".
> To tell if a WFF is true in a $\tau$-structure $\mathcal M$, one has to
> - Let the quantifiers $\forall$ and $\exists$ range over $M$,
> - interpret the symbols $c_i$ as $a_i$,
> - interpret the symbols $f_i$ as $g_i$,
> - interpret the symbol $R_i$ as $
