>In sentential logic, we only had connectives and variables. Not quantifiers or free variables. To determine the truth value of a WFF, one simply needed to know the truth values of the component variables and then apply the connectives.

Although [[3. The Language of Sentential Logic|lesson 3]] refers to the basic symbols in sentential logic as "variables", here he seems to refer to them as just "sentences" and says that sentential logic does not have actual variables.

> Now, we first need to assign values to free variables (i.e. elements from the relevant structure) before we can assign a truth value to the WFF.

> A **variable assignment** is a function $s:\text{Variables}\rightarrow M$ (domain of the structure $\mathcal M$). We wish to extend this to a function $\bar s:\text{Terms}\rightarrow M$. We do so by recursion:
> - $\bar s(\langle{\color{red}v}\rangle) = s({\color{red}v})$, where $v$ is a variable symbol.
> - $\bar s(\langle{\color{red}c_i}\rangle) = a_i$, where $c_i$ is a constant symbol and $a_i$ its interpretation.
> - $\bar s({\color{red}f_i(t_1,\dots,t_k)}) = g_i(\bar s({\color{red}t_1}), \dots, \bar s({\color{red}t_k}))$, where $f_i$ is a function symbol and $g_i:M^k\rightarrow M$ is its interpretation, an actual function with the appropriate arity. The elements $t_i$ represent previously constructed terms.

In the above definitions, symbols have been highlighted in $\color{red}\text{red}$ for clarity. Additionally, I added the tuple notation explicitly on the first two appearances of $\bar s$, to make it clear that the extended function applies to the term constructed from the symbol and not the symbol itself.

>**Example.** Take $\tau = (e,\star)$ and the structure $(\mathbb Z; 0, +)$. We continue to use red for symbols.
>- Define a term ${\color{red}t} = {\color{red}(x\star e)\star y}$ together with the variable assignments $s({\color{red}x})=1$ and $s({\color{red}y})=3$. Evaluate $\bar s({\color{red}t})$:
>$$
\begin{align}
\bar s({\color{red}t}) &= \bar s({\color{red}(x\star e)\star y})\\
&= \bar s({\color{red}(x\star e)}) + \bar s({\color{red}y})\\
&= (\bar s({\color{red}x})+\bar s({\color{red}e}))+\bar s({\color{red}y})\\
&= (1+0) + 3\\
&= 4.
\end{align}
$$
$$

Notice how the symbol $\star$ becomes the function $+$ 