mathematical-logic/Math-125A/12. Interpretation of Terms.md, before:

>In sentential logic, we only had connectives and variables. Not quantifiers or free variables. To determine the truth value of a WFF, one simply needed to know the truth values of the component variables and then apply the connectives.

Although [[3. The Language of Sentential Logic|lesson 3]] refers to the basic symbols in sentential logic as "variables", here he seems to refer to them as just "sentences" and says that sentential logic does not have actual variables.

> Now, we first need to assign values to free variables (i.e. elements from the relevant structure) before we can assign a truth value to the WFF.

> A **variable assignment** is a function $s:\text{Variables}\rightarrow M$ (domain of the structure $\mathcal M$). We wish to extend this to a function $\bar s:\text{Terms}\rightarrow M$. We do so by recursion:
> - $\bar s(\langle{\color{red}v}\rangle) = s({\color{red}v})$, where $v$ is a variable symbol.
> - $\bar s(\langle{\color{red}c_i}\rangle) = a_i$, where $c_i$ is a constant symbol and $a_i$ its interpretation.
> - $\bar s({\color{red}f_i(t_1,\dots,t_k)}) = g_i(\bar s({\color{red}t_1}), \dots, \bar s({\color{red}t_k}))$, where $f_i$ is a function symbol and $g_i$ is its interpretation, an actual function. The elements $t_i$ represent previously constructed terms.
> 
> a

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lUxcY7_6cvI&list=PLjJhPCaCziSRSUtQiTA_yx5TJ76G_EqUJ&index=12&t=79s

Commit message:

vault autobackup: 2023-09-16 12:04:46 from win-laptop

mathematical-logic/Math-125A/12. Interpretation of Terms.md, after:

>In sentential logic, we only had connectives and variables. Not quantifiers or free variables. To determine the truth value of a WFF, one simply needed to know the truth values of the component variables and then apply the connectives.

Although [[3. The Language of Sentential Logic|lesson 3]] refers to the basic symbols in sentential logic as "variables", here he seems to refer to them as just "sentences" and says that sentential logic does not have actual variables.

> Now, we first need to assign values to free variables (i.e. elements from the relevant structure) before we can assign a truth value to the WFF.

> A **variable assignment** is a function $s:\text{Variables}\rightarrow M$ (domain of the structure $\mathcal M$). We wish to extend this to a function $\bar s:\text{Terms}\rightarrow M$. We do so by recursion:
> - $\bar s(\langle{\color{red}v}\rangle) = s({\color{red}v})$, where $v$ is a variable symbol.
> - $\bar s(\langle{\color{red}c_i}\rangle) = a_i$, where $c_i$ is a constant symbol and $a_i$ its interpretation.
> - $\bar s({\color{red}f_i(t_1,\dots,t_k)}) = g_i(\bar s({\color{red}t_1}), \dots, \bar s({\color{red}t_k}))$, where $f_i$ is a function symbol and $g_i$ is its interpretation, an actual function. The elements $t_i$ represent previously constructed terms.

In the above definitions, symbols have been highlighted in $\color{red}\text{red}$ for clarity. Additionally, I added the tuple notation explicitly on the first two appearances of $\bar s$, to make it clear that the function applies to the term constructed from the symbol, not the symbol itself.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lUxcY7_6cvI&list=PLjJhPCaCziSRSUtQiTA_yx5TJ76G_EqUJ&index=12&t=79s
