> We want to determine whether the connectives defined so far are enough to express any relationship we might want to express between a tuple of truth values and an overall truth value.

> Begin by noticing that for any WFF, we can use the truth assignment rules previously defined to write out a truth table that shows truth values of the full expression for each possible combination of truth values of the component variables. In turn, we can use the resulting truth table to define a function that takes the truth values of the $k$ variables in $\alpha$ and returns a truth value in accordance to the constructed truth table.
> 
> **Definition.** For a WFF $\alpha$, we say that $B_\alpha: \{T,F\}^k \rightarrow \{T,F\}$ is the "Boolean function associated with $\alpha$".
> **Observation 1.** Let $\alpha, \beta$ be two WFFs, then $\alpha \models\!\mid \beta \iff B_\alpha = B_\beta$.
> **Observation 2.** If $\alpha$ has an associated $B_\alpha = T$ i.e. constant truth, it is a tautology.

> Now we ask: does every k-place boolean function have an associated WFF?
> **Theorem.** For every k-place boolean function $f:\{T,F\}^k \rightarrow \{T,F\}$, there is a WFF $\alpha$ on the variables $A_1, A_2, \dots, A_k$ for which $f=B_\alpha$ only uses $\lor$ and $\neg$. The language of sentential logic is **complete**.

The video does not give a proper proof, but it shows an example that illustrates how this can be done in a recursive manner for a variety of WFFs

A proper proof does not seem to be given in the video. But here's one attempt:
- We can directly produce every 1- and 2-place boolean function and show their equivalence to some combination of connectives.
- Now assume we can already express k-place boolean functions with connectives. We can take the output of any k-place boolean function together with that of a 1-place boolean function to express any possible (k+1)-place boolean function and we know that we only need connectives for this as it is equivalent to constructing a 2-place boolean function.
- By induction, k-place boolean functions can be expressed with connectives for any k.