> Previously, when defining the set of all possible WFFs and the evaluation function, induction and recursion were invoked in an intuitive manner. A formal definition is now given.

> **Setting.** Let $U$ be a set, $B$ a subset of $U$ and $\mathcal F$ a set of operations on $U$.
> The goal is to define some set $C$ that represents all that can be generated by $\mathcal F$ starting from $B$. That set will be referred to as "the **closure** of $B$ under $\mathcal F$".

> Two definitions of $C$ will be given, each from a different perspective, and then their equivalence will be shown.
> **Top-down definition.** First, some additional terms are introduced:
> - A subset $S \subseteq U$ is called "closed under $\mathcal F$" iff $\forall f \in \mathcal F (\forall \bar s \in S^{<\omega}(f(\bar s)\in S))$.
> - A subset $S \subseteq U$ is called "inductive" if it's **closed** and $B \subseteq S$.
> - Note that $U$ in particular is also inductive.
> Let $C^\star$ be the intersection of all inductive sets. It has the following properties:
> - $C^\star$ **is inductive.** By definition, $B$ is in all inductive sets and hence in their intersection. To see $C^\star$ is also closed, consider an element $\bar c \in C^\star$ and $f \in \mathcal F$ ; we want to show that $f(\bar c) \in C^\star$: by definition, for all inductive $S$ we have $C^\star \subseteq S$, therefore $f(\bar c) \in S$ but this holds for every $S$ and so $f(\bar c) \in \bigcap_{\text{ind}S} S = C^\star$.
> - $C^\star$ **is the smallest inductive set.** Because it is the intersection of all inductive sets, any element will be either part of a larger set or included in the intersection.
> 
> **Bottom-up definition.** Let $C_0 = B$ and define $C_{n+1}=\{f(\bar c) : f\in\mathcal F, \bar c \in C^{<\omega}_n\}$. Then, we define $C_\star = \bigcup_{n\in \mathbb N}C_n$.

> **Lemma.** $C^\star = C_\star$. Therefore, both definitions of a closure are mutually consistent.
> To show $C_\star \subseteq C^\star$, use induction on $n$. The base case is $C_0 = B \subseteq C^\star$ because $C^\star$ is inductive. If we know $C_n \subseteq C^\star$, the inductive property implies it is also closed under $\mathcal F$ , therefore $\mathcal F(C_n) = C_{n+1} \subseteq C^\star$. Hence all of $C_\star$ is in $C^\star$.
> For $C^\star \subseteq C_\star$, it is enough to show that $C_\star$ is inductive since by the definition of $C^\star$, it will be a subset of any inductive set. We know that $B \subseteq C_\star$ and any tuple $\bar c_n \in C_n \subseteq C_\star$

pending
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KX8tImhSDyA&list=PLjJhPCaCziSRSUtQiTA_yx5TJ76G_EqUJ&index=7