> Induction and recursion can be regarded as "techniques" that are applied on closures.
> 	- For induction, assume you have proved the previous case and use that to prove the next one.
> 	- For recursion, assume you have built the previous case and use that to build the next one.

>**Induction.** The initial setting needs one to have a set $C$ generated by $\mathcal F$ starting from $B$. We consider a property $\mathcal P$, and if it is the case that
> - all elements of $B$ satisfy $\mathcal P$,
> - and $\forall f \in \mathcal F(\forall \bar c \in C^{<\omega}(\bar c \text{ satisfies }\mathcal P \implies f(\bar c) \text{ satisfies }\mathcal P))$,
>
>then we can conclude that all $c\in C$ satisfy $\mathcal P$.
>**Proof.** It suffices to define a set $P = \{u\in U: u \text{ satisfies }\mathcal P\}$ and show that it is inductive. As $C$ is inductive, this must mean that $C \subseteq P$, so all of its elements satisfy the property.
>
>Using the assumptions in the theorem: $B \subseteq P$ and because  $\bar c$ satisfying $\mathcal P$ means that $f(\bar c)$ also does, $P$ must be closed.

> For the next part, we will make use of the following definition:
>A set $S$ is **generated freely** by $\mathcal F$ from $B$ if $B$, $f[C,C]$ and $g[C]$ are disjoint. Equivalently, for every $c \in C$ either $c \in B$, or $c = f(\bar s)$ for some unique $\bar s \in C^{<\omega}$ or $c = g(\bar s)$ for some unique $\bar s \in C^{<\omega}$. In other words, for any given element in the closure, we know it was generated in exactly one way; that is, we know exactly which $\bar s \in C^{<\omega}$ and $f \in \mathcal F$ it came from.

>**Recursion.** Given $\mathcal F = \{f,g\}$, where $f:U\times U \rightarrow U$ and $g:U\rightarrow U$, assume there is some $C$ that is freely generated by $\mathcal F$ starting from $B$. Consider a set $V$ and functions $h, F, G$ such that
>- $h: B \rightarrow V$
>- $F: V \times V \rightarrow V$
>- $G: V \rightarrow V$.
>Then, there exists a unique function $\bar h:C\rightarrow V$ such that
>- $\bar h(x) = h(x)$ for all $x\in B$ (i.e. regard as extension of $h$)
>- $\bar h(f(x,y))=F(\bar h(x),\bar h(y))$
>- $\bar h (g(x)) = G(\bar h(x))$.

> An example of a definition by recursion is the truth assignment function: we started with the function $v:\text{Variables}\rightarrow\{T,F\}$ and constructed its extension $\bar v:\text{WFF}\rightarrow\{T,F\}$. The role of $\mathcal F$ is played by the 1- and 2-place Boolean functions $B_k:\{T,F\}^k \rightarrow \{T,F\}$ that correspond to the truth table of each logical connector.

The existence of the $\bar h$ function is given as a theorem but not proven and the setting was chosen for notational simplicity: while $\mathcal F$ was only shown to contain functions with domain $V$ and $V^2$, it can work for any $V^n$ where $n\in \mathbb N$.