mathematical-logic/Math-125A/8. Structural Induction and Recursion.md, before:

> Induction and recursion can be regarded as "techniques" that are applied on closures.
> 	- For induction, assume you have proved the previous case and use that to prove the next one.
> 	- For recursion, assume you have built the previous case and use that to build the next one.

>**Induction.** The initial setting needs one to have a set $C$ generated by $\mathcal F$ starting from $B$. We consider a property $\mathcal P$, and if it is the case that
> - all elements of $B$ satisfy $\mathcal P$,
> - and $\forall f \in \mathcal F(\forall \bar c \in C^{<\omega}(\bar c \text{ satisfies }\mathcal P \rightarrow f(\bar c) \text{ satisfies }\mathcal P))$,
>
>then we can conclude that all $c\in C$ satisfy $\mathcal P$.
>**Proof.** It suffices to define a set $P = \{u\in U: u \text{ satisfies }\mathcal P\}$ and show that it is inductive. As $C$ is inductive, this must mean that $C \subseteq P$, so all of its elements satisfy the property.
>
>Using the assumptions in the theorem: $B \subseteq P$ and because  $\bar c$ satisfying $\mathcal P$ means that $f(\bar c)$ also does, $P$ must be closed.

>**Recursion.**

Commit message:

vault autobackup: 2023-09-02 21:53:19 from win-laptop

mathematical-logic/Math-125A/8. Structural Induction and Recursion.md, after:

> Induction and recursion can be regarded as "techniques" that are applied on closures.
> 	- For induction, assume you have proved the previous case and use that to prove the next one.
> 	- For recursion, assume you have built the previous case and use that to build the next one.

>**Induction.** The initial setting needs one to have a set $C$ generated by $\mathcal F$ starting from $B$. We consider a property $\mathcal P$, and if it is the case that
> - all elements of $B$ satisfy $\mathcal P$,
> - and $\forall f \in \mathcal F(\forall \bar c \in C^{<\omega}(\bar c \text{ satisfies }\mathcal P \rightarrow f(\bar c) \text{ satisfies }\mathcal P))$,
>
>then we can conclude that all $c\in C$ satisfy $\mathcal P$.
>**Proof.** It suffices to define a set $P = \{u\in U: u \text{ satisfies }\mathcal P\}$ and show that it is inductive. As $C$ is inductive, this must mean that $C \subseteq P$, so all of its elements satisfy the property.
>
>Using the assumptions in the theorem: $B \subseteq P$ and because  $\bar c$ satisfying $\mathcal P$ means that $f(\bar c)$ also does, $P$ must be closed.

>**Recursion.** Given $\mathcal F = \{f,g\}$, where $f:U\times U \rightarrow U$ and $g:U\rightarrow U$, assume some $C$ generated by $\mathcal F$ starting from $B$.
>
