 >First order logic is "strong enough" to develop **all of mathematics**. It is not much more complicated but much less restrictive (not at all?).
>
>Again, we will work with expressions (i.e. strings of symbols) that are built according to some rules.

>###### Symbols
>**Logical symbols**
>- equality: $=$.
>- connectives: $\land, \lor, \iff, \implies, \neg, \forall, \exists$.
>- variables: $v_0, v_1, v_2, \dots$ (we may use $x,y,z$ for convenience but consider them formally equivalent to some $v_n$).
>- punctuation: $(,)$.
>
>**Vocabulary**
>Some set $\{c_0,c_1,\dots,f_0,f_1,\dots,R_0,R_1,\dots\}$ which varies according to context.
>- Constant symbols $c_0, c_1, \dots$ represent elements (e.g. $e, 0, 1$).
>- Functions symbols $f_0, f_1,\dots$ represent operations (e.g. $\star, ^{-1}, +, \times$)
>- Relation symbols $R_0, R_1, \dots$ represent properties of tuples (e.g. $\leq, \in$)
>
>Note that functions map elements to elements while relations map elements to truth values. Functions and relations can take any number of arguments, but each specific symbol will have a fixed arity.
>
>**IMPORTANT!** So far, all we have defined are symbols but they don't have any meaning yet. Different meanings can later be assigned.

> **When different vocabularies are relevant**
> As a side discussion: while one may develop the theory of mathematics itself from set theory alone, the specialized vocabularies of each area become relevant when one wishes to study the properties of a particular structure.
>- For example, the vocabulary of groups requires an identity element, an operation symbol and a unit operation that return the inverse: $\{e,\star,^{-1}\}$.
>- In the case of fields one has $\{0,1,+,\star\}$.
>- Or the vocabulary of arithmetic: $\{0,1,+,\times,\leq\}$.
>- But for set theory, one only needs $\{\in\}$.

>How do we use these symbols to build expressions for the language?
>We have two types of expressions:
>- **Terms:** strings of symbols that represent elements.
>- **Formulas:** strings of symbols that represent statements.
>